What nerve supplies trapezius?

Spinal part of accessory nerve
Nerve to trapezius
Long thoracic nerve
Medial & lateral pectoral nerves

A lesion to which of these nerves is most likely to cause "winged scapula"?

Long thoracic nerve (serratus anterior)
Dorsal scapula nerve (rhomboids, levator scapulae)
Nerve to subclavius (subclavius)
Medial and lateral pectoral nerves (pec major + minor)

Which nerve does NOT supply the rotator cuff muscles?

Lower subscapular nerve (teres major)
Suprascapular nerve (supra/infraspinatus)
Subscapular nerve (subscapularis)
Axillary nerve (teres minor)

What muscle does the thoracodorsal nerve innervate?

Latissimus dorsi
Deltoid
Pectoralis major/minor
Trapezius

Coracobrachialis, biceps brachii, and brachialis are innervated by which nerve?

Musculocutaneous nerve
Median nerve
Radial nerve
Nerve to the *brachi*

Which nerve supplies the posterior group of arm muscles (triceps brachii, anconeus)?

Radial nerve
Median nerve
Nerve to the posterior arm muscles
Musculocutaneous nerve

In the superficial layer of anteromedial forearm muscles, what is NOT innervated by the median nerve? (bonus: what is the other innervated by?)

Flexor carpi ulnaris
Palmaris longus
Pronator teres
Flexor carpi radialis

What is innervated by the ulnar nerve? (fyi: anterior interosseous muscle that supplies a couple things here is a branch of the median nerve)

Flexor digitorum profundus medial part
Flexor digitorum profundus lateral part
Flexor digitorum superficialis
Flexor pollicis longus

What are *all* the muscles of the posterior forearm muscles innervated by (including their branches)?

Radial nerve (branches to deep branch of radial nerve then posterior interosseous nerve)
Median nerve (branches into anterior interosseous nerve)

Brachial plexus is easy - Conrad 2017. Roots > Trunks > Divisions > Cords > Branches. Which of the 5 main nerve branches comes from the lateral cord?

Musculocutaneous
Axillary (posterior)
Radial (posterior)
Ulnar (medial)
Median (both medial and lateral cords)

Which of these intrinsic thumb muscles is innervated by the deep branch of the ulnar nerve?

Adductor pollicis
Abductor pollicis brevis (these and below all by recurrent branch of the median nerve)
Flexor pollicis brevis
Opponens pollicis

Which nerve innervates the intrinsic little finger (not Peter Baelysh) muscles (abductor digiti minimi, flexor digiti minimi brevis, opponens digiti minimi)?

Deep branch of ulnar nerve
Recurrent branch of median nerve
Deep branch of median nerve
Recurrent branch of ulnar nerve

Lumbricals and interossei generally supplied by?

Deep branch of ulnar nerve except lateral 2 lumbricals?
Deep branch of ulnar nerve except medial 2 lumbricals?

Match the "hand" and nerve lesion together

Ulnar nerve lesion: claw hand
Median nerve lesion: claw hand
Diego Maradona: hand of god
Ulnar nerve lesion: hand of benediction
